This guy is so confident
There can't really be 10 billion, right?
Absolutely impossible
Which big family is normal?
It is impossible to take out 10 billion casually.
What's more, he is such a young boy.
Stop pretending, kid.
If you keep pretending, I'll
Mr. Lin, please enter your password
Liu Shao
Listen carefully
Card swiping successful
10 billion yuan
Oh my god, whose family is this rich?
Does his family run a banknote printing factory?
It's me
Thank you, Mr. Yi
Congratulations Mr. Lin
Become the new boss of our Xingyue Media
Ha ha ha ha
Liu Shao, you should perform the live swallowing
Clean row
Good boy
You have ruined my good deeds again and again.
You think your life is too hard?
I admit you are a nouveau riche
A little money
But you know who I'm representing this time
Are you here to acquire Xingyue Media?
Who?
Li Hongyi, the young master of the Li family
It turned out to be Li Hongyi
One of the legendary four young masters of Beijing
Rich as a nation
Power over the world
snort
Liu Shao is representing this young man today.
My life is coming to an end
Mr. Lin, if you regret it now
I can transfer the money back to you.
Otherwise I'm afraid you won't survive the night.